dvb30
=====

This program runs a Discord verification bot for a single guild and a small
HTTP service for the Google OAuth callback. Users run /verify in Discord,
receive an ephemeral Google sign-in link, authenticate with a umich.edu
account, and then receive the configured verified role automatically.

Configuration and usage
-----------------------

The program takes exactly one argument:

    dvb30 path/to/dvb30.conf

The configuration file format is shown in dvb30.example.conf. All fields are
required.

To set the program up, do the following:

1. Create a Discord bot and place it in the target guild.
2. Create or identify the Discord role to be granted after verification.
3. Make sure the bot can assign that role and that the role is below the bot's
   highest role.
4. Create a Google OAuth client and register the callback URL you intend to use
   as google.redirect_url.
5. Write a configuration file containing the Discord token and guild ID, the
   Google client ID and secret, the HTTP listen address, the verified role ID,
   and a long random cookie_secret.
6. Start the program with that configuration file.

How it works
------------

1. On startup, dvb30 connects to Discord, registers /verify, fetches the
   Google OpenID Connect discovery document, and initializes JWKS-based ID
   token verification.
2. When a user runs /verify, the bot generates a signed, short-lived state
   token containing the Discord user ID, guild ID, and expiry time.
3. The bot replies ephemerally with a Google OAuth authorization URL carrying
   that state token.
4. Google redirects the user back to /auth with an authorization code.
5. dvb30 validates the state token, exchanges the code for tokens, validates
   the Google ID token, and checks that the email is verified and belongs to
   umich.edu.
6. If everything succeeds, dvb30 assigns the configured verified role to the
   Discord account.

Development
-----------

The development of dvb30 occurs online at a public Git repository, where
users and developers are advised to submit issues and patches:

    https://github.com/UMichDevelopers/dvb30

License
-------

The code is licensed under the 3-clause BSD license.
